Adds a recommendation to limit prefix contents to 10k objects. (#674)
minio/docs: source/administration/concepts.rst

         2022-01-02-MinIO-Advanced-Deployment-comments.json
         2022-01-04-MinIO-Interview.md

> MinIO does not technically limit the number of objects that any specific prefix can contain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MinIO itself does not limit the number of objects that any specific prefix can contain, rather it is a function of the hardware provided.
```
